Yes.
We live in a patriarchal society.
patriarchy? what's a matriarchy?
I wish we had that.
I have actually.
Take a guess. If misogynist, which is what you are.
What am I?
What's a chauvinist?
What? I'm not a man.Hahaha
Yeah.
What's that about?
Is that a picture of me?
I think Price would hate that one.
Oh, he's a hater.
I know what you're talking about. I like that person.
What's your favourite (***) book(***). Yeah, that's what I'm saying
What was it?
Oh, where's the book?
Spy school. Spy school
Price mumbles.
I've never heard of that one.
Okay.
What? nothing
When do you give a mouse a cookie?
I really like that one. Does that matter?
You think,Do you always need
So you can decide if you want to hate them or not? Is that the issue here?
What's your favorite book? Childhood book.
Wait .I read them too.
Oh my god, you're at a different level than me.
I just read the books.
I think I read most of them too.
This guy's just a hater.
Why's it so dark?
Yes.
I like books. Books
With the did you like dog books?
Yeah, I didn't like them
I couldn't get into them like I did for cats.
Cats are better
I didn't, I didn't, I, yeah, I didn't know that word. You're not alone. I didn't know that.
Yeah.
You look like you did read
That's a low bar
I don't know what's
Haahaa